https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-20168 (#7883)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/operator_pol_ctrl.adoc

- `subscriptions` can be set to `Keep` or `Delete`. The default value is `Delete`.
- `clusterServiceVersions` can be set to `Keep` or `Delete`. The default value is `Delete`.
- `customResourceDefinitions` can be set to `Keep` or `Delete`. The default value is `Keep`. If you set this to `Delete`,  the `CustomResourceDefintion` resources on the managed cluster are removed and can cause data loss.

| `spec.subscription`
| Required
a| Define the configurations to create an operator subscription. Add information in the following fields to create an operator subscription. View the following parameter descriptions:

- `channel`: If not specified, the default channel is selected from the operator catalog. The default can be different on different {ocp-short} versions.
- `name`: Specify the package name of the operator.
- `namespace`: If not specified, the default namespaced that is used for {ocp-short} managed clusters is `openshift-operators`.
- `source`: If not specified, the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.
- `sourceNamespace`: If not specified, the namespace of the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.

> - `config`: *Optional.* Specify extra configuration details for the operator subscription. The `name` field is the only required field. The other fields are populated based on the catalog information within the managed cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config`: *Optional.* Specify extra configuration details for the operator subscription.

The `name` field is the only required field. The other fields are populated based on the catalog information within the managed cluster.
```

Without the line break, it sounds like the `name` mentioned here is inside the `config`

| `spec.operatorGroup`
| Optional
a| By default, if the `operatorGroup` field is not specified, the controller generates an `AllNamespaces` type OperatorGroup in the same namespace as the subscription, if supported. The operator policy controller produces this resource. View the following parameter descriptions: 

> - `name`: 
> - `namespace`:
> - `targetNamespace`: 

Author: ```suggestion
- `name`: Specify the package name of the operator.
- `namespace`: If not specified, the default namespaced that is used for {ocp-short} managed clusters is `openshift-operators`.
- `targetNamespace`: NOT SURE WHAT TO PUT HERE
```

> - `name`: Specify the package name of the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: The name of the `OperatorGroup` resource.
```

> - `namespace`: If not specified, the default namespaced that is used for {ocp-short} managed clusters is `openshift-operators`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `namespace`: Specify the namespace for the `operatorGroup`.
```

> - `namespace`: If not specified, the default namespaced that is used for {ocp-short} managed clusters is `openshift-operators`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `namespace`: The namespace of the `OperatorGroup` resource. This parameter must match the namespace where you install the operator.
```

> - `targetNamespace`: NOT SURE WHAT TO PUT HERE

Author: this is my attempt to add a description, based on the links that was provided

```suggestion
- `targetNamespace`: Define a comma-delimited string that is a list of `operatorGroup` namespaces.
```

> - `targetNamespace`: NOT SURE WHAT TO PUT HERE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `targetNamespaces`: A list of namespaces that the operator is configured to watch and operate.
```

| `spec.complianceType`
| Required
| Specifies the desired state of the operator on the cluster. If set to `musthave`, the policy is compliant when the operator is found. If set to `mustnothave`, the policy is compliant when the operator is not found.

| `spec.removalBehavior`
| Optional 
a| Determines which resource types need to be kept or removed when you enforce an `OperatorPolicy` resource with `complianceType: mustnothave` defined. There is no effect when `complianceType` is set to `musthave`. View the following parameter descriptions:

- `operatorGroups` can be set to `Keep` or `DeleteIfUnused`. The default value is `DeleteIfUnusued` which only removes the `OperatorGroup` resource if it is not used by any other operators.
- `subscriptions` can be set to `Keep` or `Delete`. The default value is `Delete`.
- `clusterServiceVersions` can be set to `Keep` or `Delete`. The default value is `Delete`.
- `customResourceDefinitions` can be set to `Keep` or `Delete`. The default value is `Keep`. If you set this to `Delete`,  the `CustomResourceDefintion` resources on the managed cluster are removed and can cause data loss.

| `spec.subscription`
| Required

> a| Define the configurations to create an operator subscription. Add information in the following fields to create an operator subscription. Default options are selected for a the following parameters if there is no entry:

Author: ```suggestion
a| Define the configurations to create an operator subscription. Add information in the following fields to create an operator subscription. Default options are selected for the following parameters if there is no entry:
```

- `channel`: If not specified, the default channel is selected from the operator catalog. The default can be different on different {ocp-short} versions.
- `name`: Specify the package name of the operator.
- `namespace`: If not specified, the default namespaced that is used for {ocp-short} managed clusters is `openshift-operators`.
- `source`: If not specified, the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.
- `sourceNamespace`: If not specified, the namespace of the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.
- `config`: Specify details for the operator subscription. The following fields are similar to the fields in a `Subscription` object: `channel`, `source`, `sourceNamespace`, and `config`. Use the `name` field rather than the `package` field. You can also add the `namespace` of the operator in the parameter section.

+

> *Note:* If you define a value for the `installPlanApproval` field in this parameter section, the policy becomes non-compliant. Use `spec.upgradeApproval` in the `OperatorPolicy` resource.

Reviewer: I was originally suggesting replacing the entire section with a new piece, not just adding it on at the end. I think it's gotten a bit confusing here...

The only required parameter is `name`, and I think that should also be mentioned.

Author: gotchu, ok I'll make that update soon. I am committing your suggestion with my edits.

| `spec.operatorGroup`
| Optional

> a| By default, if the `operatorGroup` field is not specified, the controller generates an `AllNamespaces` type OperatorGroup in the same namespace as the subscription, if supported. The operator policy controller produces this resource. View the following parameter descriptions: 

Reviewer 2: If it's not a resource or a field, I'd just say this: 
```suggestion
a| By default, if the `operatorGroup` field is not specified, the controller generates an `AllNamespaces` type `OperatorGroup` resource in the same namespace as the subscription, if supported. The operator policy controller produces this resource. View the following parameter descriptions: 
```

Reviewer: OperatorGroup is a resource

Reviewer 2: Thanks! @dockerymick Then I'd specify as such: "the controller generates an `AllNamespaces` type `OperatorGroup` resource in the same namespace..."

Author: Thanks ! @amolnar-rh made an edit to your suggestion

| `spec.subscription`
| Required
a| Define the configurations to create an operator subscription. Add information in the following fields to create an operator subscription. Default options are selected for the following parameters if there is no entry:

- `channel`: If not specified, the default channel is selected from the operator catalog. The default can be different on different {ocp-short} versions.
- `name`: Specify the package name of the operator.
- `namespace`: If not specified, the default namespaced that is used for {ocp-short} managed clusters is `openshift-operators`.
- `source`: If not specified, the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.
- `sourceNamespace`: If not specified, the namespace of the catalog that contains the operator is chosen.
- `config`: Specify details for the operator subscription. The following fields are similar to the fields in a `Subscription` object: `channel`, `source`, `sourceNamespace`, and `config`. Use the `name` field rather than the `package` field. You can also add the `namespace` of the operator in the parameter section.

> The `name` field is the only required field. The other fields are inferred from the catalog information that is available on the managed cluster.

Author: @JustinKuli In your previous comment were you requesting for me to replace the following statement:

Specify details for the operator subscription. The following fields are similar to the fields in a `Subscription` object: `channel`, `source`, `sourceNamespace`, and `config`. Use the `name` field rather than the `package` field. You can also add the `namespace` of the operator in the parameter section.

WITH 

The `name` field is the only required field. The other fields are inferred from the catalog information that is available on the managed cluster.

??

> - `config`: Specify details for the operator subscription. The following fields are similar to the fields in a `Subscription` object: `channel`, `source`, `sourceNamespace`, and `config`. Use the `name` field rather than the `package` field. You can also add the `namespace` of the operator in the parameter section.
> 
> The `name` field is the only required field. The other fields are inferred from the catalog information that is available on the managed cluster.

Reviewer: No, I was suggesting replacing the list of parameters. But maybe keeping the list is more consistent with other sections.

What do you think of this?
```suggestion
- `config`: Optionally specify extra configuration for the operator subscription.

The `name` field is the only required field. The other fields are inferred from the catalog information that is available on the managed cluster.
```

And replace "Default options are selected for the following parameters if there is no entry:" above it with the usual "View the following parameter descriptions:" or something similar.

Author: @JustinKuli Thanks for providing clarity. Making a new commit now
